README.md, before:

# Hooks

Hooks is a feature, which allows to easily use react features without having to write a class. Like: state.

> Hooks `can't` be used inside `Class Components`.

## Why Hooks?
- `this` keyword works very different within javascript class compare to other language.
- In react, Classes don't `minify` very well.
- In order to `reuse` the logic, we have to use `HOC or Render Props`. Which ends up having more components to achieve reusability.  

## Types of Hooks

#### 1. useState: 
Creates a state & returns an array of state variable & setter function of the state.

#### 2. useEffect:
It allows to perform the `side effects` like: subscribing-unsubscribing, timers,
- It is a replacement of `componentDidMount`, `componentDidUpdate` & `componentWillUnmount`.
- It takes 2 argument:
    1. function: by default it gets executed after every render of the component.
    2. array of state (optional): useEffect will watch for the given states, if it changes then only it executes the function. If the array is empty, then function will get executed only once(for the first time).
- It returns a function. Which automatically runs on the component unmount.

Commit message:

useContext:
- Created Context inside UseContextHook.tsx
- Using the value of context in the 3rd level component with useContext
  hook.

- Updated README.

README.md, after:

# Hooks

Hooks is a feature, which allows to easily use react features without having to write a class. Like: state.

> Hooks `can't` be used inside `Class Components`.

## Why Hooks?
- `this` keyword works very different within javascript class compare to other language.
- In react, Classes don't `minify` very well.
- In order to `reuse` the logic, we have to use `HOC or Render Props`. Which ends up having more components to achieve reusability.  

## Types of Hooks

### 1. useState: 
Creates a state & returns an array of state variable & setter function of the state.

### 2. useEffect:
It allows to perform the `side effects` like: subscribing-unsubscribing, timers,
- It is a replacement of `componentDidMount`, `componentDidUpdate` & `componentWillUnmount`.
- It takes 2 argument:
    1. function: by default it gets executed after every render of the component.
    2. array of state (optional): useEffect will watch for the given states, if it changes then only it executes the function. If the array is empty, then function will get executed only once(for the first time).
- It returns a function. Which automatically runs on the component unmount.
 
### 3. useContext:
It is used for passing data through the component tree without having to pass down manually at every level.
- It takes context object as an argument. and returns the value set by the context provider.
